These are wrappers and helpers to start things that are currently
(GNOME 2.18) started specially by gnome-session, which don't need
special hardcoding in the shiny new future, but where some additional
functionality needs to be added to the programs to take advantage of
the new gnome-session features and make everything work.

  * at-spi-registryd-wrapper: This is needed because at-spi-registryd
    does not use XSMP to signal to the session manager that it's
    ready. (Instead it uses a custom protocol involving a root window
    property.) The wrapper watches for the root window property and
    then exits with status 0 to signal that it has run successfully.

    In the future, at-spi-registryd should just use XSMP (via
    EggSMClient or its replacement) to signal when it's ready. Also,
    it should register for XSMP auto-restart, so that if it crashes,
    gnome-session will restart it.

  * gnome-keyring-daemon-wrapper: As with at-spi-registryd-wrapper,
    this translates between XSMP and gnome-keyring's own custom
    protocol. Unlike at-spi-registryd-wrapper, it actually hangs
    around for the entire session, so that it can force
    gnome-keyring-daemon to exit when the session ends.

    It also uses gnome-session's new Setenv D-Bus interface to set the
    GNOME_KEYRING_SOCKET environment variable in gnome-session's (and
    its children's) environment.

    In the future, gnome-keyring-daemon should just link to
    EggSMClient (or its replacement) and use the Setenv D-Bus
    interface itself. (Or perhaps GNOME_KEYRING_SOCKET is unnecessary
    in the shiny new future since libgnomekeyring uses D-Bus to find
    the daemon as well.)

  * gnome-settings-daemon-helper: This does two things that have
    traditionally been done by gnome-session, but which ought to be
    done by gnome-settings-daemon: setting the screen resolution, and
    setting the GTK_RC_FILES environment variable.

    For setting the screen resolution, see
    http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=434982

    For GTK_RC_FILES, gnome-settings-daemon (specifically
    gnome-settings-gtk1theme.c) should set this itself using the D-Bus
    Setenv interface.
